updating FSDP slurm documentation (#745)
aws-samples/awsome-distributed-training: 3.test_cases/pytorch/FSDP/slurm/README.md

cd awsome-distributed-training/3.test_cases/pytorch/FSDP/slurm
```

3. You can launch the training through:
   - Option 1: Creating a Python Virtual Environment.

>    - Option 2: Building a container image by converting it a squash file via Enroot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Option 2: Create a container image to install the packages and run.
```

### Option 1: Create a Python Virtual Environment to install the necessary packages
Run the `create_venv.sh` script:

```bash
. ./create_venv.sh
source env/bin/activate
```
* By creating this environment on the shared FSx for Lustre volume, all compute nodes in our cluster will have access to it.

### Option 2: Build a container image and the squash file

You will first build the container image with the command below:

```bash

> export AWS_REGION=$(aws ec2 describe-availability-zones --output text --query 'AvailabilityZones[0].[RegionName]')

Reviewer: What's the goal? I am asking because the container image is not being push to Amazon ECR. The repository is not even created.
In addition, there is a way to use Amazon ECR container image through pyxis/enroot instead of converting the image to squash file.

export ACCOUNT=$(aws sts get-caller-identity --query Account --output text)
export REGISTRY=${ACCOUNT}.dkr.ecr.${AWS_REGION}.amazonaws.com/

> docker build -f ../Dockerfile -t ${REGISTRY}fsdp:pytorch2.7.1 .

Reviewer: Let's define a variable for the container image tag. It makes obscur but easier to update the doc.

cd awsome-distributed-training/3.test_cases/pytorch/FSDP/slurm
```

3. You can launch the training through:
   - Option 1: Creating a Python Virtual Environment.
   - Option 2: Building a container image by converting it a squash file via Enroot.

### Option 1: Create a Python Virtual Environment to install the necessary packages
Run the `create_venv.sh` script:

```bash

> bash create_venv.sh

Reviewer: Please the venv creation command as it is.
